&
Δ

[1. A method of generating a lipooligosaccharide/lipid A-based mimetic composition, comprising the steps of:obtaining a bacterial strain that expresses lipid A 1-phosphatase LpxE; andproducing the lipooligosaccharide/lipid A mimetic composition from the bacterial strain,wherein the lipooligosaccharide/lipid A-based mimetic composition is modified to have one or more of the following modifications: removal of a 1-monophosphate group or having an additional sugar linked to the phosphate or ethanolamine thereof, andwherein the bacterial strain is Yersinia pestis KIM6 pagP+; Yersinia pestis &#x394;phoP-KIM6; or Yersinia pestis &#x394;phoP-pagP+ KIM6.,2. The method of claim 1, wherein the obtaining step is further defined as engineering the bacterial strain to have one or more of the modifications.,3. The method of claim 2, wherein the engineering step comprises one or both of:delivering a vector into the bacteria; orbacterial conjugation.,4. The method of claim 2, wherein the engineering step comprises delivering a vector into the bacteria, wherein the vector comprises sequence that encodes one or more nonendogenous lipid A biosynthesis enzymes.,5. The method of claim 1, wherein the lipooligosaccharide/lipid A-based mimetic produced by the method has a modified number of phosphates compared to the endogenous bacterial lipid A molecule or a reference lipid A molecule.,6. The method of claim 1, wherein the composition is a compound of the formulawherein R1 may be H, OH, protonated phosphate, a phosphate salt, a sugar phosphonate, or a mono-, di- or poly-saccharide,wherein R2 may be H, OH, a sugar phosphonate, or a mono-, di- or poly-saccharide,R3 may be OH or a mono-, di- or poly-saccharide,R4, R5, R6 and R7 may be an alkyl or alkenyl chain of up to 13 carbons (for a chain of 16 carbons), andR8, R9, R10 and R11 may be H, OH, or an alkyl or alkenyl ester of up to 16 carbons.,7. The method of claim 1, wherein the composition is selected from the group consisting of]


===str2===

[1. A method of generating a lipooligosaccharide/lipid A-based mimetic composition, comprising the steps of:obtaining a bacterial strain that expresses lipid A 1-phosphatase LpxE; andproducing the lipooligosaccharide/lipid A mimetic composition from the bacterial strain,wherein the lipooligosaccharide/lipid A-based mimetic composition is modified to have one or more of the following modifications: removal of a 1-monophosphate group or having an additional sugar linked to the phosphate or ethanolamine thereof, andwherein the bacterial strain is Yersinia pestis KIM6 pagP+; Yersinia pestis ΔphoP-KIM6; or Yersinia pestis ΔphoP-pagP+ KIM6.,2. The method of claim 1, wherein the obtaining step is further defined as engineering the bacterial strain to have one or more of the modifications.,3. The method of claim 2, wherein the engineering step comprises one or both of:delivering a vector into the bacteria; orbacterial conjugation.,4. The method of claim 2, wherein the engineering step comprises delivering a vector into the bacteria, wherein the vector comprises sequence that encodes one or more nonendogenous lipid A biosynthesis enzymes.,5. The method of claim 1, wherein the lipooligosaccharide/lipid A-based mimetic produced by the method has a modified number of phosphates compared to the endogenous bacterial lipid A molecule or a reference lipid A molecule.,6. The method of claim 1, wherein the composition is a compound of the formulawherein R1 may be H, OH, protonated phosphate, a phosphate salt, a sugar phosphonate, or a mono-, di- or poly-saccharide,wherein R2 may be H, OH, a sugar phosphonate, or a mono-, di- or poly-saccharide,R3 may be OH or a mono-, di- or poly-saccharide,R4, R5, R6 and R7 may be an alkyl or alkenyl chain of up to 13 carbons (for a chain of 16 carbons), andR8, R9, R10 and R11 may be H, OH, or an alkyl or alkenyl ester of up to 16 carbons.,7. The method of claim 1, wherein the composition is selected from the group consisting of]